Okay, I need to write an editorial for this maimai chain slide problem. Let me start by understanding the problem thoroughly. 

The problem involves creating a level using chain slides. There are M types of slides, each defined by a start button X_i, end button Y_i, and speed V_i. Salt wants to use at least K slides in the level. The level must satisfy several conditions:

1. The chain slides must form cycles. Each chain slide is a sequence where the end of one slide is the start of the next, and the entire chain must end where it started (so it's a cycle).
2. Each slide type can be used at most once.
3. Every button from 1 to 8 must be the start of at least one slide in the level. This means that every button must be included in some cycle as a starting point. Since the slides form cycles, being a start point in the cycle also means it's included in the cycle.
4. The goal is to minimize the range of slide speeds used (max speed minus min speed).

If it's impossible to meet these conditions, we output -1.

First, I need to model this problem. The constraints: M up to 1000, K at least 1 and at most M. Buttons are only 8, which is small. Speeds can be up to 10^9.

The key points:
- We need to select a set of slides that form one or more cycles (each cycle is a closed chain).
- Each button must be covered as a starting point. Since each slide in a cycle has a start and end, and cycles cover all buttons, this means every button must be part of some cycle. So, the entire set of selected slides must cover all 8 buttons as nodes in the cycles.
- We cannot use a slide type more than once.

Moreover, we must use at least K slides. But since we need to cover all 8 buttons, and each slide covers two buttons (but note: a slide from a to b covers a and b, but in a cycle, multiple slides are connected), the total number of slides must be at least the number needed to cover all buttons in cycles.

However, note that the condition is that every button is a starting button of at least one slide. This doesn't necessarily mean that every button must be in a cycle? Actually, because the slides form chains that are cycles, if a button is the start of a slide, it must be part of a cycle. And the condition says every button must be a starting button, so all 8 buttons must be included in the cycles.

So, the selected set of slides must form one or more disjoint cycles that together cover all 8 nodes (buttons). Each cycle is a directed cycle because the next slide must start at the end of the previous. So, the graph is directed.

But note: the input gives directed edges: from X_i to Y_i. So we are working on a directed multigraph with 8 nodes and M edges.

We need to select a subset of edges such that:
- The graph is a set of disjoint directed cycles that together cover all 8 nodes.
- The number of edges (slides) is at least K.
- Each edge is used at most once (so we can have multiple edges between same nodes, but we can only use one instance of each).
- We want to minimize the range (max V_i - min V_i) of the selected edges.

Also, note that two different slide types can have the same (X, Y, V), so we can have multiple edges with same start, end, and speed.

Now, the challenge is to find such a set of edges that forms a cycle cover (partitioning the nodes into disjoint cycles) with at least K edges, and minimize the speed range.

Since the number of nodes is small (8), but the number of edges M can be up to 1000, and we need to consider subsets of edges, we cannot iterate over all subsets.

I recall that cycle cover in directed graphs can be handled by considering that the graph is partitioned into cycles. The condition of covering all nodes is that we have a disjoint cycle cover.

Moreover, because the graph is small (8 nodes), we can consider the following approach:

1. Precompute all possible cycle covers that cover all 8 nodes? But the number of cycle covers might be huge? Actually, we don't need to enumerate all cycle covers from the beginning. Instead, we can use the following idea:

We are to select a set of edges that form a cycle cover (covering all nodes) and has at least K edges. Then, among all such sets, we want the one with the smallest speed range.

But note: the set of edges must form disjoint cycles. Also, the total number of edges in a cycle cover must be at least the number of nodes? Not necessarily: for example, a self-loop (slide from a node to itself) would cover that node with one edge, but then the entire cover must cover 8 nodes. The minimal number of edges in a cycle cover is the number of nodes (if we have only self-loops, but self-loops are allowed? The problem says: slide from X_i to Y_i, and they can be the same. So self-loops are allowed). However, in a cycle cover, the number of edges must equal the number of nodes? Actually, no: in a directed cycle, the number of edges equals the number of nodes in that cycle. So for multiple disjoint cycles, the total number of edges equals the total number of nodes. Therefore, any cycle cover that covers all 8 nodes must have exactly 8 edges.

Is that true? Yes: each cycle of length L (in nodes) has exactly L edges. So for 8 nodes, we must have exactly 8 edges. But wait: what if a cycle has a self-loop? Then that cycle has one node and one edge. So the entire cycle cover for 8 nodes must have exactly 8 edges? Actually, no: if we have two cycles, one of size 3 (3 nodes, 3 edges) and one of size 5 (5 nodes, 5 edges), total edges = 8. Similarly, if we have eight self-loops, total edges = 8. So the total number of edges is always equal to the number of nodes in a cycle cover that covers all nodes.

Therefore, we must select exactly 8 edges? But the problem says "at least K" slides. And we are forced to cover all 8 buttons, so we must use exactly 8 edges? Not necessarily: because the cycle cover must cover all nodes, but the cycle cover can have more edges? Actually, no: each node must have exactly one outgoing edge and one incoming edge in the cycle cover? Because in a disjoint cycle cover, each node has in-degree and out-degree exactly 1. Therefore, the number of edges must be exactly 8.

But wait, the problem says: "Salt wants to use at least K slides". And if we must cover all 8 buttons, then we must use exactly 8 edges? Or can we use more?

Let me re-read: "every button should be a starting button of at least one slide". In a cycle cover, each node is the start of exactly one slide (because each node has exactly one outgoing edge). Similarly, each node is the end of exactly one slide. So the condition is satisfied. But can we have more than 8 edges? 

The problem says: "a type of slide must be used at most once", but we can use multiple slides as long as they are different types. However, if we have a cycle cover with exactly 8 edges, that covers all 8 nodes. But if we use more edges, how? We cannot have extra edges that are not part of the cycle cover because then they would break the cycle structure. The level is composed of chain slides that are cycles. But the problem says: "These chain slides do not need to be connected to each other." So we can have multiple disjoint cycles. However, the condition is that every button must be a starting button. So if we have a cycle that doesn't cover all buttons, then some buttons are not covered. Therefore, we must cover all 8 buttons.

But if we use more than 8 edges, that would require that some node is the start of more than one slide? That violates the cycle cover condition (each node has exactly one outgoing edge). So we must have exactly one outgoing edge per node. Therefore, the set must form a cycle cover with exactly 8 edges.

But wait: the problem says "Salt wants to use at least K slides". If K is less than or equal to 8, we can have exactly 8 edges. But if K is more than 8, then we must have more than 8 edges? However, we cannot have more than 8 edges without violating the condition that each button is the start of exactly one slide? Because if we add an extra slide, then either it starts at a button that already has an outgoing slide (so two outgoing edges from the same node) or it starts at a button not covered? But all buttons are already covered. So we cannot add an extra slide without violating the condition that each button has exactly one outgoing edge? Or can we?

The problem says: "every button should be a starting button of at least one slide". It doesn't say "exactly one". So in theory, we could have a button that is the start of multiple slides? But then, how do we form chain slides? The chain slides are sequences that are cycles. If a button is the start of two slides, then in the chain, which one do we take? The problem says: "the next slide of the chain must start from the button the previous slide ended". So if a button has two outgoing edges, then we have a branching, and we cannot form a simple chain. But the problem says "chain slides" are continuous sequences. It also says "These chain slides do not need to be connected to each other", meaning we can have multiple disjoint chains. But each chain must be a cycle. 

In a cycle, each node has exactly one outgoing edge and one incoming edge. So if we have multiple cycles, each node can only belong to one cycle and have exactly one outgoing edge. Therefore, we cannot have a node being the start of two slides. So the entire set must form a disjoint cycle cover where each node has out-degree 1 and in-degree 1, and the total number of edges is exactly 8.

But then, if we must use exactly 8 edges to cover all 8 buttons, then the condition "at least K slides" becomes: we require 8 >= K? Actually, no: because we must use exactly 8 edges. But what if K is larger than 8? Then it's impossible to use K slides because we cannot exceed 8 without violating the cycle condition.

Therefore, the problem reduces to:

We must use exactly 8 edges that form a disjoint cycle cover (covering all 8 nodes). And we must have K <= 8. If K > 8, then it's impossible.

But wait: the problem says "Salt wants to use at least K slides". So if K <= 8, we can use 8 slides. But what if K < 8? Can we use more than 8? I just argued we cannot. So if K > 8, output -1. But also, if we cannot form any cycle cover with exactly 8 edges that covers all 8 nodes, we output -1.

But note: the problem does not require that the entire set is one cycle; it can be multiple disjoint cycles. But the total edges must be 8.

So the steps:

1. If K > 8, then output -1 because we can't have more than 8 edges in a cycle cover that covers 8 nodes.

But wait: is that correct? What if we use more than one cycle? Still, the total edges must be 8. So maximum slides we can use is 8. Therefore, if K > 8, impossible.

Additionally, if we cannot form a cycle cover of 8 edges at all, then output -1.

But note: the problem says "Salt wants to use at least K slides". Since we can only use 8, we must have K <= 8. If K is 9 and M is 12, but we can only use 8, then we must output -1? Actually, yes: because we cannot form a cycle cover with 9 or more edges (since 8 is the maximum we can have without violating the constraints).

Therefore, the first check: if K > 8, then output -1.

But what if K <= 8? Then we must find a cycle cover with exactly 8 edges that minimizes the speed range.

However, note that the problem does not require that the cycle cover must have exactly 8 edges if we can use more? But I think we cannot. So we are forced to use exactly 8 edges.

But let me confirm with the sample inputs.

Sample Input #1: M=12, K=9. But K=9>8, so we must output -1? But the sample output is 7, not -1.

What? That contradicts my reasoning.

Re-read the problem: "every button should be a starting button of at least one slide". It doesn't say that each button must be covered by exactly one starting slide. So a button can be the start of multiple slides? Then the cycle condition might not hold? But the chain slides must form cycles. How can a button be the start of multiple slides? That would break the chain.

But note: the problem says: "These chain slides do not need to be connected to each other." So we can have multiple disjoint cycles. However, each cycle is a closed chain. In each cycle, each node has exactly one outgoing edge and one incoming edge. But the entire set of slides can have multiple cycles that together cover all buttons? Then each button must appear in exactly one cycle, and hence be the start of exactly one slide (the one leaving that node in its cycle). Therefore, we cannot have a button being the start of two slides because then it would be in two cycles? Or one cycle that visits the node twice? 

But the problem says: "a continuous sequence of slides {i1, i2, ...} such that Y_{ij} = X_{i_{j+1}}". And the entire chain must end at the start. So each slide in the chain has a unique next. So each node in the chain has one outgoing edge. But if we have multiple disjoint chains (cycles), then each node is in one chain and has one outgoing edge.

So the entire set must form a directed graph where each node has out-degree 1 and in-degree 1. Therefore, the graph is a disjoint union of cycles. And the number of edges equals the number of nodes. So we must use exactly 8 edges.

But then, in sample input #1, K=9, which is greater than 8, so we should output -1? But the sample output is 7. So my reasoning must be flawed.

Re-read the problem statement: "every button should be a starting button of at least one slide". This does not preclude a button being the starting button of multiple slides? But in the chain slide definition, each slide is part of a chain that is a cycle. If a button is the start of two different slides, then we have two chains starting from that button? But the problem says "the next slide must start from the button the previous slide ended", so if we have two slides starting from the same button, they must be in separate chains? Then that button would be the start of two chains. But then, the condition "every button should be a starting button" is satisfied (at least one, and here two). However, the problem does not say that a button can be in only one chain. So multiple chains can start at the same button? But then, how do we form the cycle? 

Let me think: if a node has two outgoing edges, then we can have two cycles that both start at that node? But that would require that the node is split? That doesn't make sense. Each chain is a continuous sequence that must form a cycle. If a node has two outgoing edges, then we have two different chains starting from that node. But then, each chain must eventually return to that node to form a cycle? But then the node would be visited twice? And the chain would be two separate cycles that both start and end at that node? 

For example, node A has two outgoing edges: one to B and one to C. Then we could have one cycle: A -> B -> ... -> A, and another cycle: A -> C -> ... -> A. But then, when we start at A, we go to B and then complete the first cycle, but then we have to do the second cycle? But the problem doesn't say that the entire level is one continuous play; it can have multiple disjoint chain slides. So the player would have to do both cycles. But how? The problem doesn't specify the order. So it's acceptable to have multiple cycles starting from the same node? Then the node is the start of multiple slides (one for each cycle).

But then, the graph structure is not a disjoint cycle cover in the usual sense. Now, the entire graph can have multiple cycles that share a node? But that's impossible because a node cannot be in two cycles at the same time. 

Wait, no: a node can be the start of two different cycles? But then the cycles are separate. The node is the starting point for two different cycles. But in each cycle, the node appears only once. And after finishing one cycle, we start the next cycle from the same node? That might be allowed. 

But then, the graph would not be a simple disjoint cycle cover. The entire set of selected edges would have the property that each node has out-degree equal to the number of cycles that start at that node, and similarly, in-degree equal to the number of cycles that end at that node. And for each cycle, the start and end node is the same. 

But then, the entire graph is a disjoint union of cycles, but cycles can share a node? No, they are disjoint in terms of edges? Actually, no: if two cycles share a node, then that node has out-degree 2 and in-degree 2, which is acceptable. But then the cycles are not disjoint: they share the node. But the problem doesn't say the cycles are disjoint in terms of nodes. It says "disconnected" meaning they are separate chains. So it's possible to have multiple cycles that all start and end at the same node? Or more generally, a node can be in multiple cycles.

But that changes the entire graph structure. Now, the graph can have multiple cycles that share nodes. But then, the constraint that "the next slide must start from the button the previous slide ended" would still hold for each chain individually. But when one chain ends at node A, the next chain starts at node A. However, the problem says "the next slide of the chain must start from the button the previous slide ended", but this applies within a chain. Between chains, there is no requirement. So we can have multiple chains, and they can share nodes.

Moreover, the condition "every button must be a starting button" is interpreted as: for each button, there is at least one chain that starts at that button. But it doesn't require that the button is the start of exactly one chain.

Therefore, the selected set of edges must form a directed graph that is a disjoint union of cycles (which might share nodes? But cycles that share nodes are not disjoint). Actually, no: a cycle is a closed path. If two cycles share a node, then that node is visited in both cycles, but the cycles are not disjoint. However, in graph theory, a cycle cover typically means disjoint cycles. But the problem doesn't use the term "cycle cover", it uses "chain slides" that are cycles. And they can be disconnected. But they can share nodes? 

The problem states: "a chain slide is a continuous sequence of slides {i1, i2, ...} such that Y_{i_j} = X_{i_{j+1}} for all j, and ends at the button the chain slide started from". This implies that each chain slide is a cycle. But it does not say that the cycles are disjoint in terms of nodes. However, if a node is shared by two cycles, then when we play the level, the player would have to visit that node multiple times: once for each cycle that includes it. That might be acceptable.

But then, the entire graph is not a disjoint cycle cover. It is a collection of cycles that together cover all buttons, and a button may appear in multiple cycles.

In this case, the number of edges can exceed 8. For example, we can have two cycles: one self-loop at button 1 and another cycle covering buttons 2 to 8. Then the total edges would be 1 + 7 = 8. But if we have two cycles that both include button 1, for instance, one cycle: 1->2->1, and another cycle: 1->3->1, then we have two cycles, both starting and ending at 1. Then the selected edges would be: (1,2), (2,1), (1,3), (3,1). That's 4 edges. Then button 1 is used in both cycles. But then, the starting buttons: 
- In the first cycle, the start is 1.
- In the second cycle, the start is 1.
But also, button 2 is the start of edge (2,1) and button 3 is the start of edge (3,1). So all buttons (1,2,3) are covered as starting buttons? But we have only used 3 buttons. We have 8 buttons, so we need to cover all 8. 

So to cover button 4 to 8, we need more cycles. But then, the total number of edges is not fixed: it could be more than 8.

Therefore, the earlier assumption that we need exactly 8 edges is incorrect.

Let me formalize:

Let S be the set of selected slides.

The slides form a set of cycles (each cycle is a chain slide). 

The condition: every button must be the start of at least one slide in S. This means that for every button b, there is at least one edge in S that starts at b.

Therefore, the out-degree of each node in the graph (with edge set S) must be at least 1.

Moreover, each cycle is a directed cycle. But the entire graph is not necessarily a disjoint union of cycles. Why? Because a node might have out-degree greater than 1, but then it can be the start of multiple cycles. 

However, for the graph to be decomposable into cycles, the necessary and sufficient condition is that for every node, the out-degree equals the in-degree. This is the Eulerian condition for directed graphs. But note: the graph might have multiple edges and self-loops.

In fact, the entire graph must be a disjoint union of cycles (which may share nodes? Actually, no: in the decomposition, each edge is used in exactly one cycle, and nodes can be shared among cycles? But in the same graph, a node can have multiple incoming and outgoing edges, and then the graph can be decomposed into edge-disjoint cycles. But the problem does not require that the cycles are edge-disjoint? Actually, it does: because each slide type is used at most once, so the edges are distinct.

But the condition is: the set S forms a collection of cycles (each cycle is a chain slide) and they are not necessarily node-disjoint. And the condition is only that every button has at least one outgoing edge.

Therefore, the selected set S must form a directed graph such that:
1. The graph can be decomposed into edge-disjoint cycles. (This is equivalent to: for every node, in-degree = out-degree, because it's a necessary and sufficient condition for decomposing into edge-disjoint cycles.)
2. Every node has out-degree at least 1. But since in a directed graph where in-degree equals out-degree for every node, and the graph has no isolated nodes? Not necessarily. But we require out-degree at least 1 for every node, which forces in-degree at least 1 as well (because in-degree = out-degree per node). 

So the conditions are:
- For every node, in-degree = out-degree.
- For every node, out-degree >= 1. (Which is then automatically satisfied if the graph is non-empty and covers all nodes, but we require explicitly that every node has out-degree at least 1.)

But note: the condition "every button must be a starting button" is exactly that out-degree >=1 for each node. And the Eulerian condition (in-degree=out-degree for every node) ensures that the graph can be decomposed into edge-disjoint cycles.

Therefore, the set S must form an Eulerian directed graph (in the sense of in=out per node) that covers all 8 nodes and has the property that every node has out-degree at least 1.

Moreover, the total number of edges is the sum of out-degrees over all nodes. Since out-degree for each node is at least 1, the total edges is at least 8. And there is no upper bound per se, but the total edges must be at least K.

So we need to select a set S of edges (each edge type at most once) such that:
- The graph is Eulerian: for each node, in-degree = out-degree.
- Every node has out-degree at least 1 (which ensures in-degree at least 1).
- |S| >= K.
- The range (max V_i - min V_i) in S is minimized.

And we have M edges to choose from.

Now, the number of nodes is only 8. The total number of edges we can select can be up to M (1000), but we are summing over nodes, so the total number of edges is variable.

How to approach this?

We want to minimize the range of speeds. A common technique is to sort the edges by speed, and then use two pointers to consider edges within a sliding window of speeds. For a fixed range [L, R], we consider all edges with speed in [L,R], and check if we can form a valid set S that is a subset of these edges and satisfies the conditions.

But the conditions are global: we need an Eulerian graph that covers all nodes and has at least K edges.

So the plan:

1. Sort all M edges by speed.
2. Use two pointers (left and right) to maintain a window of edges. We'll iterate the right pointer (expanding the window to include higher speeds), and then move the left pointer (excluding lower speeds) as much as possible while still having a valid solution in the window.

But what does "valid solution" mean? In the window [L,R], we have a set of edges (all edges with speed between speeds[L] and speeds[R]). We need to select a subset S of these edges such that:
- For each node, in-degree = out-degree.
- Every node has out-degree at least 1.
- |S| >= K.

And we want to minimize (speeds[R] - speeds[L]).

But how to check for a valid set in the window? This is a constrained assignment on a directed graph with 8 nodes. The constraints are per-node: the out-degree must equal the in-degree, and out-degree >=1.

But note: the out-degrees and in-degrees are not fixed: we can choose any set of edges in the window as long as for each node, the number of outgoing edges chosen equals the number of incoming edges chosen, and both are at least 1.

This is a flow-like condition, but we are not given fixed degrees.

Alternatively, we can model it as an integer linear program, but 8 nodes is small, but the number of edges in the window can be up to 1000, and we are iterating the window, which would be O(M) for each left and O(M) for right, so O(M^2) iterations. And in each iteration, we need to solve a problem that is NP-hard in general? But 8 nodes might allow a smarter way.

Note: the condition is that the graph is Eulerian. And we are allowed to choose any subset of edges in the window. We can use a DP over subsets? Or we can use a generating function for degrees.

Each node i has an excess: let d_out(i) - d_in(i) = 0. But we also have the constraint that d_out(i) >=1.

We can think of it as: we need to assign to each node a net flow of 0. And the edge selection: each edge contributes +1 to the out-degree of its start and +1 to the in-degree of its end.

So we can model this as a circulation? But we are selecting edges.

Alternatively, we can model it as: let x_e be 0 or 1 for each edge e. Then we have:
- For each node i: 
    sum_{e in out(i)} x_e = sum_{e in in(i)} x_e   [in-degree = out-degree]
    sum_{e in out(i)} x_e >= 1   [at least one outgoing edge]

But we have 8 nodes, so we can try to use DP that iterates over edges and tracks the current net flow? The net flow for each node is (out-degree - in-degree), which must be 0. The state would be a vector of 8 integers (the net flow for each node). The range of net flow: if we have up to D edges incident to a node, then the net flow can be from -D to D. But D can be up to the total edges in the window, which might be large, and 8 dimensions is too much.

But note: we are only interested in the state where all net flows are 0, and we also require that each node has at least one outgoing edge (which we can check at the end). Moreover, the net flow vector must be 0 at the end.

However, the state space is 8 dimensions, and each dimension can be negative, and the bounds are large (since the number of edges can be up to 1000, so net flow per node might be up to 1000 in absolute value). That state space is too big.

Another idea: since the graph is Eulerian, the entire graph decomposes into edge-disjoint cycles. But we are not required to find the decomposition, only to ensure that the degrees are balanced.

But there is a known approach for Eulerian circuits: the conditions are necessary and sufficient: the graph is strongly connected and balanced? But no, for Eulerian circuit for the entire graph, we need strong connectivity. But here, we only want edge-disjoint cycles (which is equivalent to the graph being balanced: in-degree=out-degree for every node). Strong connectivity is not required: we can have multiple disconnected components, as long as each component has an Eulerian circuit? Actually, no: the entire graph might not be strongly connected, but it decomposes into edge-disjoint cycles. And that doesn't require strong connectivity.

For example, two disjoint cycles: then the graph is not strongly connected, but it is Eulerian (balanced and decomposes into cycles).

So the only requirement is: for every node, in-degree=out-degree.

But then, how to check in the window if there is a subset of edges that is balanced and has at least K edges, and covers all nodes (which is already implied by out-degree>=1 for every node).

The condition out-degree>=1 is additional: because we can have a balanced graph that doesn't cover all nodes. But our condition requires every node has out-degree>=1, which forces that every node has at least one outgoing edge and hence is covered.

So the problem reduces to: in the directed multigraph induced by edges with speeds in [L,R], is there a subset S of edges such that:
- For each node, the number of edges in S leaving the node equals the number of edges in S entering the node.
- For each node, the number of edges leaving the node in S is at least 1.
- |S| >= K.

And we want to find the minimum range R-L.

Now, with 8 nodes, we can use a generating function or iterate over degree assignments.

But note: the degree of a node (out-degree and in-degree) must be the same, and at least 1. Let d_i be the out-degree (and in-degree) of node i. Then the total number of edges is sum_i d_i. We need sum_i d_i >= K.

But we don't know the d_i's. And for fixed d_i's, we need to check if there is an assignment of edges that yields exactly d_i out-going and d_i incoming for node i.

But the d_i's can vary. How to iterate over d_i's? There are 8 nodes, and the out-degree d_i can be at least 1 and at most the total number of edges incident to the node in the window. But the sum of d_i is the total edges, which can be up to 1000, so iterating over all possible d_i is not feasible.

Alternatively, we can use a DP state that is a vector of 8 integers for the current net flow (out-degree minus in-degree) for each node. But then the state has 8 dimensions, and each dimension can be from -D to D, which is too big.

But note: the net flow must be 0 at the end. And we start at 0. Each edge we consider, if we take it, it increases the out-degree of the start by 1 (so net flow +1 for the start) and increases the in-degree of the end by 1 (so net flow -1 for the end). So the net flow vector changes: for edge (u,v), we do:
    flow[u] += 1
    flow[v] -= 1

And at the end, we require flow[i]=0 for all i.

But the state is the current net flow vector. The initial state is all zeros. We iterate over edges in the window and update the state by either taking or not taking the edge. But the state space is 8-dimensional. The net flow at any node can be in the range [-|S|, |S|], and |S| can be up to the number of edges in the window, which is O(M). The state space is (2*M+1)^8, which for M=1000 is (2001)^8, which is astronomical.

This is not feasible.

Another idea: use min-cost flow or assign the degrees? But we are iterating over many windows.

We need a more efficient way.

I recall that for Eulerian extensions, there are algorithms, but here we are not adding edges, we are selecting a subset.

Since the graph is small (8 nodes), we can try to use a DP that iterates over the edges and uses state as the current net flow, but we can use a map to store states. The number of distinct net flow vectors might be large, but perhaps not too large for 8 nodes? The sum of absolute net flows must be even? And the net flows must be integers.

But worst-case, the state space is exponential in the number of edges.

Alternatively, we can use the fact that the net flow vector (f1, f2, ..., f8) must satisfy sum f_i = 0. And each edge changes two entries: f_u +=1, f_v -=1. So the state can be represented as a tuple of 8 integers. But the number of states is the number of integer solutions to f1+...+f8=0 with each f_i between -T and T, which is large.

We need a smarter approach.

Another idea: the requirement that the graph is balanced is a linear constraint. And we also require that the graph has no isolated node in the sense that out-degree>=1. But perhaps we can ignore the out-degree>=1 first and then check.

But then, the problem is to select a balanced subgraph with at least K edges and covering all nodes (out-degree>=1 for all nodes).

Since the graph has only 8 nodes, we can iterate over all possible subsets of edges in the window? But the window can have up to 1000 edges, and 2^1000 is too much.

Clearly, we need to use the small number of nodes.

There is a well-known technique for Eulerian subgraph: use Kirchhoff's matrix tree theorem for directed graphs? Or use the BEST theorem? But that counts the number of Eulerian circuits, not the existence.

Or we can use the fact that the balanced condition is equivalent to the graph being Eulerian. And for a directed graph, we can use flow to check if there is a balanced subgraph with given degrees? But we don't fix the degrees.

I recall that the problem of finding a balanced subgraph (in-degree=out-degree for every node) is equivalent to finding a circulation. And we can reduce it to a flow problem.

Specifically, we can model it as: 
- We have a bipartite graph: left side and right side are both the set of nodes.
- For each edge (u,v) in the window, we add an edge from u on the left to v on the right.
- We require that each node i has the same in-flow and out-flow in the selected edge set. But here, the selected edge set will naturally have: the out-flow from node i in the left is the out-degree, and the in-flow to node i in the right is the in-degree. So we need to have for each node, the flow out of the left node i equals the flow into the right node i.

But that is automatically satisfied if we have a perfect matching? No.

Alternatively, we can set: 
- We are to choose a set of edges such that for each node i, the number of chosen edges leaving i (out-degree) equals the number of chosen edges entering i (in-degree).

This is equivalent to a circulation of flow 1 on each edge. We can set up a flow network where each edge has capacity 1. Then, we require that for each node, the flow in equals flow out. This is a circulation, and it always exists if the graph is balanced? But we are not given a demand. Actually, we are not fixing the degrees.

To find any nonempty circulation is easy: but we want one that has at least K edges and has out-degree>=1 for every node.

But the circulation can be any size. However, we want the minimum range, and we are iterating over windows.

How about this: for a fixed window [L,R], we have a directed graph D. We want to know if there is a subset of edges that is balanced (Eulerian) and has at least K edges, and has out-degree>=1 for every node.

This is an NP-hard problem in general? But with 8 nodes, we can use exponential DP over subsets? Or over degree vectors.

Let me consider the following: the out-degree and in-degree for each node must be the same and at least 1. Let d_i be the out-degree of node i (which equals in-degree). Then the total number of edges is T = sum_i d_i.

We need T>=K.

For fixed d_i's, we can check if there is a subgraph with exactly out-degree d_i and in-degree d_i for each node i. This is a bipartite matching problem: from a bipartite graph where left side has d_i copies of node i, and right side has d_i copies of node i, and for each edge (u,v) in the window, we can add an edge from the copy of u on the left to the copy of v on the right. But then, we need to assign each copy to an edge. This is the standard degree-constrained subgraph.

But note: it's a directed graph. For the degree-constrained subgraph in directed graphs, we can reduce to bipartite matching: 
- Create a bipartite graph with left nodes and right nodes.
- For each node i, on the left we have d_i copies for out-edges, and on the right we have d_i copies for in-edges.
- For each directed edge (u,v) in the window, create an edge from the out-copy of u to the in-copy of v.

Then, a perfect matching in this bipartite graph corresponds to a subgraph with exactly the given degrees.

However, the number of copies is the sum of d_i, which is T. And T can be up to the total number of edges in the window, which is O(M) = 1000. And the bipartite graph would have O(T) nodes, and O(M * something) edges. But T can be up to 1000, and M in the window is at most 1000, so the bipartite graph would have about 1000 nodes on left and 1000 on right, and 1000 edges? No: for each edge in the window, we add an edge between the out-copy of u and in-copy of v. But we have multiple copies: so we have to connect the edge (u,v) to all out-copies of u and in-copies of v? No, in the reduction, for each edge (u,v), we add an edge between one out-copy of u and one in-copy of v. But we don't know which copy. So we can only add one edge for (u,v) to the bipartite graph? Then the bipartite graph would have exactly the same edges as the original, but duplicated in the sense of copies? Actually, no.

In the reduction for directed graphs with given out-degrees and in-degrees, we can use the following: 
- Create a source, a sink, and two layers: a layer for the out-copes and a layer for the in-copies? Or use a flow network.

Actually, the standard reduction is to use a flow network for circulation:

- Create a bipartite graph: left side: nodes with supply = out-degree, right side: nodes with demand = in-degree.
- But it's not exactly.

 To be precise: 
Nodes: 
  - Source S, sink T.
  - For each node i, two nodes: u_i (out-node) and v_i (in-node).
Edges:
  - S to u_i with capacity d_i (the desired out-degree of i).
  - v_i to T with capacity d_i (the desired in-degree of i).
  - For each edge (i,j) in the original graph, add an edge from u_i to v_j with capacity 1.

Then, there is a feasible subgraph with out-degrees and in-degrees exactly d_i if and only if there is a flow of value T = sum d_i from S to T.

This flow network has 2*8+2 = 18 nodes, and the capacities are integers. We can run a max-flow algorithm. The complexity of max-flow is O(VE) for the number of edges. The number of edges is:
  - From S to u_i: 8 edges.
  - From v_i to T: 8 edges.
  - For each edge in the window: one edge from u_i to v_j. Let E_window be the number of edges in the window, which is O(M) = 1000.
So total edges: 8 + 8 + E_window = about 1016.

The max-flow is at most T = sum d_i, which is at most E_window, but E_window<=1000.

We can use Dinic on a graph of 18 nodes and 1016 edges. The complexity is O(V^2 * E) = (18^2 * 1016) = (324 * 1016) ~ 329,184, which is acceptable.

But then, we need to iterate over all possible degree assignments d_i. What are the constraints on d_i? 
  - d_i is an integer >=1.
  - sum_i d_i = T >= K.
  - And T is the total edges.

How many degree assignments? We have 8 nodes, each d_i>=1, and T = sum d_i >= K.

The number of degree assignments is the number of nonnegative integer solutions to d1+...+d8 = T, with d_i>=1. This is equivalent to C(T-1,7) after subtracting 1 from each d_i. But T can be from 8 to the number of edges in the window, which can be up to 1000. The number of possible T is 1000-7= about 993, and for each T, the number of solutions is C(T-1,7). The sum over T from 8 to E_window of C(T-1,7) is C(E_window,8) because it telescopes. C(1000,8) is about 1000 choose 8 = 1000!/(8!992!) which is roughly (1000^8)/(8!) = (10^24) / 40320 ~ 2.5e19, which is too many.

So iterating over degree assignments is not feasible.

We need a different approach.

Another idea: instead of fixing the degrees, we can use the fact that the graph is Eulerian and try to find any Eulerian subgraph that has at least K edges and covers all nodes (out-degree>=1). This is equivalent to: the subgraph should be balanced and have minimum out-degree 1.

This is still hard.

But with 8 nodes, we can use exponential in 8: we can store the state as the current in-degree - out-degree for each node. But as before, the state vector has 8 integers.

However, note that the net flow vector (f1, f2, ..., f8) must satisfy sum f_i = 0. Also, the net flow in each node is between -D and D, but D can be large.

But observe: when we consider the net flow, the changes are by ±1 for two nodes. And the net flow vector is antisymmetric? Not exactly.

But the state space is the net flow vector. The number of distinct net flow vectors we can encounter is limited by the number of edges, but it can be large.

However, we can use a meet-in-the-middle or iterative over edges with state being the net flow vector, and prune states that are not promising. But the state space is still huge.

Perhaps for the window, we can use a dynamic programming that is exponential in the number of nodes, not in the number of edges.

I recall that for small number of nodes, we can use the following: the net flow vector (f1,...,f8) must be 0 and we start from 0. We can use a DP with state as a vector of net flows. The dimension is 8, and each net flow can be in a limited range.

What is the range? The net flow in a node can be at most the number of edges incident to it that we have considered. But if we process all edges, it could be large.

But note: in the window, we are not iterating over edges one by one in the DP for the entire graph; we want to know for the set of edges in the window, is there a subset that is balanced. This is a well-known NP-complete problem (directed Eulerian subgraph) in general, but for fixed number of nodes, we can use inclusion in the ring of the adjacency matrix? Or use generating functions.

There is a advanced method using determinant and permanent, but they are expensive.

Given the time constraint, and that M is only 1000, and the number of nodes is 8, we can try to iterate over all possible 2^8 = 256 to mask the components? But not exactly.

Another idea: the net flow vector can be seen as a vector in Z^8, and we are to find a subset of edges that and a vector b such that A's rows are the edge vectors (which are: for edge (u,v), the vector has +1 at u, -1 at v, and 0 elsewhere), and we want Ax=0, and x in {0,1}^m, and the number of 1's >=K, and for each i, the number of edges leaving i is at least 1.

This is an integer linear programming.

But we can use the small number of nodes by noting that the kernel of the incidence matrix has a basis of size up to the number of edges minus number of nodes plus number of components. But it's complicated.

Given the complexity, and that the problem has been given in a contest, there must be a simpler way.

Let me look at the sample inputs.

Sample input #1: M=12, K=9. They use 9 edges. But then, the out-degree for each node must be at least 1, and in-degree=out-degree. So the total edges must be at least 8, and here 9>8. So it's possible to have 9 edges? How? For example, if we have a graph with 8 nodes, and the net flow must be 0, so the sum of out-degrees is 9, then the sum of in-degrees is 9, so net flow is 0? That's fine.

 For example, we can have:
   node1: out=2, in=2.
   node2: out=1, in=1.
   ...
   one node has out=2, in=2.

 So the total edges is 9.

 So my earlier mistake was: the total edges is sum of out-degrees, and it can be greater than 8.

 Therefore, the number of edges in the set S is not fixed to 8. It can be any number as long as for each node, out-degree = in-degree >=1, and the total is at least K.

 Now, the degrees can be any integer>=1.

 How to to minimize the speed range.

 Given that, the plan with two pointers and checking for the existence of a non-empty Eulerian subgraph that has at least K edges and covers all nodes (out-degree>=1 for all) might be the way.

 And for the checking in the window, since the number of nodes is 8, we can use a DP with state as the net flow vector. The state is (f1, f2, ..., f7) because f8 = - (f1+...+f7) due to sum f_i=0. So we have 7 integers. The net flow in each node can be in the range [-D, D] where D is the number of edges incident to that node in the window. But in the worst-case, D can be up to the number of edges in the window, say 1000, so the state space could be as large as (2001)^7, which is about 10^21, which is too big.

 We need a more efficient method.

 Insight: the net flow in each node must be 0 at the end. We can use a BFS or DFS over the net flow vector, but the state space is too large.

 Alternatively, we can use a heuristic: the net flow in each node cannot exceed in absolute value the number of edges incident to that node that are in the window. But still.

 Given the time constraint of the entire solution (1 second), and M=1000, and the two pointers would be O(M^2) in the worst-case, and for each window, we do an expensive check, we must have a very efficient check for the window.

 I recall that this problem is very similar to the problem of